DECK OF CARDS

https://rowlandev.github.io/deck_of_cards/

We are planning on building a web application to simulate a deck of cards. This application will allow users to have a deck of cards for any purpose that they have in mind. The application will allow users to play specific card games or play their own games. This web application will allow users to use our deck of cards in both a sandbox mode, where the user can control the cards however the user seems fit, as well as choosing a pre-existing gamemode where we have hardcoded the logic of a traditional card game ourselves. This will operate as a standalone web application, although it could have the potential to become a multiplayer game in the future. We think that this project will be very beneficial for us to learn and be useful for us and for others to use on the internet.
	We plan on using the most up to date technologies involving web applications. From our current assumptions, we will most likely use something along the lines of JavaScript, possibly React due to its high level of reusability and the focus React has on the idea of components. We also plan on using GitHub to allow us to collaborate efficiently and to practice a professional tool that we will most likely use in the future when we become professional software engineers ourselves. This project is also a beneficial choice for us because we realize that in terms of user stories, the amount of user stories is not predefined and we can continue to create them based on the needs required by the class.
